⚠️ CONFLICT! Lineage pull request for: skeleton (#54)
cisagov/ansible-role-cdm-certificates: README.md

| Variable | Description | Default | Required |
|----------|-------------|---------|----------|
| cdm\_certificates\_certificate\_object\_names | A list of AWS S3 objects corresponding to the CDM certificates. | `["cert_US_CISA_0_Root_CA.crt","cert_US_CISA_1_Issuing_CA_reissued.crt"]` | No |

> | cdm\_certificates\_third\_party\_bucket\_name | The name of the AWS S3 bucket where third-party software is located. | None | Yes |

Reviewer: I think our unwritten standard here has been `n/a`.  It's what I've been using in these recent PRs because I saw we had previously done it elsewhere:
```suggestion
| cdm\_certificates\_third\_party\_bucket\_name | The name of the AWS S3 bucket where third-party software is located. | n/a | Yes |
```
